When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When you are collaborating with several people on a project. when you want to be able to access
	the project from outside your local machine, and when you want to share the project with others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    you may not want to have the changes uploaded instantly. if you are not ready to share them. 
	You may be working on a separate branch that doesnt require the update yet.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    When you fork a repository, you take someone elses project and clone it to your own github. 
	This credits the original author of the repository and enables you to add your own things to it
	and share it as a modified version.
	When you clone a repository you literally copy it in its entirety, useful when you want to get
	a git hub repository you made onto a local machine.
	When you branch a repository you may be working on an experitmental feature and dont want to risk 
	working production code so you create a fork and work from that. This branch can later be merged into
	the master.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Its pretty fucking useful.
	can do fast forward merges and such

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You would have to have either a cloud repository with documents that could be scp to your local device,
	or share via email etc. however these would lack version control unless you were very disciplined. would
	take up. more space and almost certainly more time. you would also have to use u- diff on each file which
	is time consuming to look through for changes.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
